file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

file number= 1 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 1 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 296

file number= 2 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 2 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 3 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 3 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
less number of samples 249

file number= 4 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 4 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 5 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 5 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 300

file number= 6 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 6 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 276

file number= 7 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 7 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 8 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 8 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 9 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 9 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 319

file number= 10 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 10 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 255

file number= 11 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 11 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 12 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 12 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 13 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 13 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 14 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 14 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 15 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 15 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 316

file number= 16 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 16 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 17 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 17 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 18 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 18 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 19 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 19 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 308

file number= 20 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 20 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 258

file number= 21 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 21 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 22 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 22 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 23 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 23 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 24 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 24 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 25 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 25 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 26 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 26 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 245

file number= 27 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 27 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 248

file number= 28 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 28 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 29 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 29 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
less number of samples 307

file number= 30 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 30 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 31 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 31 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
less number of samples 298

file number= 32 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 32 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 33 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 33 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 34 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 34 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 265

file number= 35 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 35 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 36 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 36 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 37 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 37 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 38 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 38 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 39 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 39 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
less number of samples 254

file number= 40 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 40 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
less number of samples 256

file number= 41 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 41 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 302

file number= 42 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 42 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 43 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 43 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 280

file number= 44 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 44 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 45 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 45 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 46 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 46 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 313

file number= 47 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 47 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 241

file number= 48 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 48 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 284

file number= 49 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 49 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 278

file number= 50 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 50 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 51 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 51 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 251

file number= 52 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 52 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 270

file number= 53 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 53 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 240

file number= 54 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 54 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
less number of samples 271

file number= 55 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 55 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 56 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 56 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 57 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 57 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 58 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 58 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 294

file number= 59 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 59 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 60 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 60 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 318

file number= 61 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 61 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 62 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 62 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 314

file number= 63 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 63 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 247

file number= 64 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 70
skipped 5605 number of samples
file number= 64 skip count= 71
skipped 5685 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 65 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 65 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 66 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 66 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 288

file number= 67 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 67 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 293

file number= 68 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 68 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 282

file number= 69 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 69 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 275

file number= 70 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 70 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 71 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 71 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 244

file number= 72 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 72 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 260

file number= 73 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 73 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 291

file number= 74 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 74 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 75 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 75 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 242

file number= 76 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 76 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 253

file number= 77 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 77 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 263

file number= 78 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 78 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 301

file number= 79 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 79 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
less number of samples 304

file number= 80 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 80 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 279

file number= 81 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 81 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
less number of samples 311

file number= 82 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 82 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
less number of samples 297

file number= 83 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 83 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 84 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 67
skipped 5365 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 68
skipped 5445 number of samples
file number= 84 skip count= 69
skipped 5525 number of samples
less number of samples 290

file number= 85 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 85 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
less number of samples 310

file number= 86 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 86 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 267

file number= 87 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 87 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
less number of samples 269

file number= 88 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 88 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 243

file number= 89 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 89 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 90 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 62
skipped 4965 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 63
skipped 5045 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 64
skipped 5125 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 65
skipped 5205 number of samples
file number= 90 skip count= 66
skipped 5285 number of samples
less number of samples 262

file number= 91 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 91 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
less number of samples 292

file number= 92 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 92 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 259

file number= 93 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 93 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
less number of samples 283

file number= 94 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 94 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
less number of samples 289

file number= 95 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 95 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
less number of samples 306

file number= 96 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 60
skipped 4805 number of samples
file number= 96 skip count= 61
skipped 4885 number of samples
less number of samples 268

file number= 97 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 58
skipped 4645 number of samples
file number= 97 skip count= 59
skipped 4725 number of samples
less number of samples 264

file number= 98 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 98 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
less number of samples 312

file number= 99 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 99 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
less number of samples 305

file number= 100 skip count= 0
skipped 5 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 1
skipped 85 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 2
skipped 165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 3
skipped 245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 4
skipped 325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 5
skipped 405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 6
skipped 485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 7
skipped 565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 8
skipped 645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 9
skipped 725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 10
skipped 805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 11
skipped 885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 12
skipped 965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 13
skipped 1045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 14
skipped 1125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 15
skipped 1205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 16
skipped 1285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 17
skipped 1365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 18
skipped 1445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 19
skipped 1525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 20
skipped 1605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 21
skipped 1685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 22
skipped 1765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 23
skipped 1845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 24
skipped 1925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 25
skipped 2005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 26
skipped 2085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 27
skipped 2165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 28
skipped 2245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 29
skipped 2325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 30
skipped 2405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 31
skipped 2485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 32
skipped 2565 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 33
skipped 2645 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 34
skipped 2725 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 35
skipped 2805 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 36
skipped 2885 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 37
skipped 2965 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 38
skipped 3045 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 39
skipped 3125 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 40
skipped 3205 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 41
skipped 3285 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 42
skipped 3365 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 43
skipped 3445 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 44
skipped 3525 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 45
skipped 3605 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 46
skipped 3685 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 47
skipped 3765 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 48
skipped 3845 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 49
skipped 3925 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 50
skipped 4005 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 51
skipped 4085 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 52
skipped 4165 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 53
skipped 4245 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 54
skipped 4325 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 55
skipped 4405 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 56
skipped 4485 number of samples
file number= 100 skip count= 57
skipped 4565 number of samples
less number of samples 257

